hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
finally be sharing with you a university
morning routine this video has been so
highly requested and I'm sorry I'm only
just getting around to filming it so I
have actually not been sleeping very
well recently so I'm waking up a little
later than usual instead of 6 which is
the ideal time I'd like to wake up I
usually end up waking up at 7:00 7:30
since I have an 8:30 this morning I am
waking up at 7 and the first thing I
will go and do is put on my bed jacket I
just love how old-fashioned it is and my
slippers are from Bowden I've had these
for about four or five years now then I
will put on some classical music on
Spotify and I will make my bed I really
love to make my bed first thing in the
morning because it just starts my day
off in a really good foot then I would
do 40 sit-ups this is just a good way
for me to get my body moving in the
morning I personally find it's a really
good way to start my day and then I will
pick up my hot water for tools and go
and fill them up because I get very very
cold and it is freezing in England at
the moment so this is an essential part
of my morning and at the same time
whilst I'm waiting for the kettle to
boil I will wash my hands and then get
started but doing some washing up I
usually leave some of my washing up from
the night before from dinner
[Music]
then I will just fill up a mason jar
with cold water and I will drink a whole
glass of this and I will also fill up
another glass to bring to my bedroom and
Here I am filling up my gorgeous head
with hot water I honestly love this hot
water bottle so much
when I'm back in my room I will choose
what I'm going to wear today and since
it was really cold I decided I was
actually gonna wear a thermal vest
underneath my jumper today it was it was
thermals weather then I will head to the
bathroom to brush my teeth because of
course you always have to brush your
teeth in the morning and I also read at
the same time as doing this but I didn't
film any clips of that so the next thing
I like to do is use this drops of youth
body shop facial exfoliator I've been
using this for two three years it's one
of only two products that I've faced
products that I use and I would really
recommend it and I will also have a cold
shower because I think it's a really
great way to wake you up and get you
ready for the day hey Google can you get
me my flash news briefing so then I will
go put on my Google home to get me the
news whilst I open the windows to
finally let some daylight in by the way
if you're wondering today I am wearing
this jumper from Bowden and these
trousers from Miss patina with a thermal
vest underneath
[Music]
then I will go do my hair and get ready
and I'm really sorry for this angle I
thought you could see more of my face
when you actually can I will just put
some bobby pins into my head to keep my
fringe tone growing out off my face and
I also like to put on some face cream
this is the second face product I use I
will usually put on some concealer as
well then I will head to the kitchen to
get some breakfast and the first thing I
like to do is just rinse out my water
bottles or filling it up for my lectures
and seminars this is such an important
thing to bring to classes I think
staying hydrated when you're learning is
so important and I find I concentrate so
much better when I have got a water
bottle with me so this morning for
breakfast I decided to have a yogurt
Bowl so I am using this out Pro coconut
yogurt with some frozen mango some
fruits and berries and some bananas and
peanut butter
I just love yogurt bowls they are so
delicious and really refreshing as well
[Music]
so then I would just go put my shoes on
put my key on and put my coat on because
as I've said it is very cold and
actually a wonder I'm not wearing my ski
jacket today because I usually won't
waste ski jacket then I will just
consult this list that I have which
details all of the things that I should
bring Who campus with me depending
whatever the week it is so since it's
Friday I did packed my laptop and attach
that we had to read that week and then I
just packed my bag and head to campus so
after my 8:30 seminar that finishes at
10:30 this particular day I did go to
the gym before heading back home and
this is just because I had a social this
evening so I was going to miss
trampolining and I still wanted to get
some exercise so I went to the gym to
the 11:30 and then I had it back to my
room and did some studying so thank you
so much for watching today's video I
hope that you enjoyed it and I hope that
you have a productive
[Music]
you